A few days ago I made a video
about how to throw a bucket of water on someone.
As for the video, I received several complaints,
especially about the scene at the end where I fall into the pool.
Some people complained that my acting was horrible.
Yes, he was.
A few people complained that the thrust was probably uploaded and scheduled.
Yes, it was because anyone who would put someone in the pool without their permission is a total stupid
and I would not want to talk to him,
but no one noticed the really obvious reason why it was fake.
I do not mean the underwater shot that could not see any other camera in the field of view.
No, the reason is that if you try to push someone into the pool, it does not look like that.
Put someone in the pool,
he will of course not want to go inside:
first priority, not to fall into the pool,
the second priority, keep your head above the water.
So most of the time half-catching,
and then returns dry from here upwards.
But if you put someone in the pool in a movie or on television,
it will look like this.
Go on, Hadley!
The difference is--
says when he takes a new camera--
I fell back first,
as low as possible,
so much under water, how much I can handle,
and then: You see I'm trying to be as long as I can -
I swing my hands on the opposite side,
because it looks more impressive when I'm underwater for a few seconds longer.
Anyone who understands,
who deliberately lets go into the water,
would not remain underwater, he would not have been under water,
maybe she would have even dry hair.
But when you do this on TV,
you have to convince the viewer that there is a big splash,
that there is a big bang that sends the man underwater.
In fact, as always, it is not at all impressive.
And that's something you might not know.
Now you will see more shots of falling into the water.
If you try it, be careful that there is enough space
between the person you throw into the pool and the pool.
What if you wait for the signal next time?
I'm sorry!
[Translation: Cvolton, AK]
Towel?
Yes please.